* ### ClassPass Partner Terms and Conditions (Spain & Portugal)
    
    (last updated November 15, 2021)
    
    Versión en el idioma local disponible aqui - Español: [https://studios.classpass.com/help/spain\_portugal\_espanol/terms](https://studios.classpass.com/help/spain_portugal_espanol/terms "https://studios.classpass.com/help/spain_portugal_espanol/terms")
    
    Versão no idioma local disponível aqui - Português: [https://studios.classpass.com/help/spain\_portugal\_portugues/terms](https://studios.classpass.com/help/spain_portugal_portugues/terms "https://studios.classpass.com/help/spain_portugal_portugues/terms")
    
    ClassPass Spain SL, (**ClassPass**,” “**we**” or “**us**”) is pleased to include you in our roster of Partners on the ClassPass website at [www.classpass.com](https://www.classpass.com/) (together with any iPhone®, Android® or other mobile application of such website, our “**Website**”). Please read these Terms and Conditions (the “**Terms**”), and let us know if you have any questions. These Terms are incorporated into the Partner Agreement (if any) and any other agreement between you (“**Partner**” or “**you**”) and ClassPass (collectively, this “**Agreement**”). While we may modify this Agreement pursuant to the Miscellaneous section of the Terms below (including the Partner Agreement and/or these Terms) without advance notice to you, we will give you prompt notice of any material changes, as set forth in the Miscellaneous section below. You also may contact us at any time to receive a copy of the most current version of these Terms. By signing the Partner Agreement or otherwise accepting these Terms, you agree to be bound by these Terms, which apply to all locations, classes and services you make available via the ClassPass platform, unless otherwise communicated or agreed upon by ClassPass.
    
* ### 1\. ACCOUNT SET-UP & DOCUMENTATION.
    
    1. _Bank Account Information_. As part of the onboarding process, you will be given access to our online payment system to provide your bank account information (“**Bank Account**”). Once your Bank Account has been verified, we (or a third party on our behalf) will make payments to you hereunder by electronic transfer, which may be an international transfer, to your Bank Account via an automated clearing house payment system (ACH), or through an equivalent or alternative payment method in our discretion. You are solely responsible for updating our on-line payment system as to any changes in your Bank Account. You agree to provide us with complete and accurate account information and any identifying information we request, including your legal company name, street address, e-mail address, bank account, relevant tax information and such other information as may be requested by ClassPass (or its third party service providers) (collectively, “Account Information”). You are responsible for the accuracy and timely updating of Account Information, and you agree to promptly notify ClassPass in writing if any Account Information changes. You agree that ClassPass has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any loss or damage caused, either directly or indirectly, by inaccurate Account Information. You shall also be solely responsible for maintaining the security of any account, Account Information, and account credentials you have access to in connection with this Agreement, including passwords and files, and for all uses of any such account or Account Information. You shall be responsible for the acts or omissions of any person who accesses the Platform using passwords or access procedures provided to or created by ClassPass.
    2. _Tax or Similar Forms_. You will provide ClassPass with any requested tax or similar forms necessary in connection with your participation in ClassPass. We may withhold applicable amounts from payments due to you hereunder until such time as we have received this information.
    3. _Participation_. Your classes or other services will be made available for use by ClassPass members after you are launched on our Website. Partner shall maintain minimum inventory levels throughout the term to help ensure consistent user experience. Partner shall accord the same preferences and priorities to reservations made via ClassPass as reservations made by Partner's clients/members. In addition, Partner shall not cancel a ClassPass reservation except where the class or service itself has been cancelled. As part of participating in the Website, ClassPass shall have access to all Partner spots and you agree to use ClassPass’s SmartTools, such as those with respect to inventory allocation. We continually update and test various aspects of the ClassPass platform and may include or exclude you from these tests. We may include you as a participant in new features, offerings and tools that ClassPass makes available as part of the ClassPass platform. We will notify you if you are able to opt-out out of participating. We reserve the right to limit the inventory or number of classes, services and/or spots available.
    4. _Partner’s ClassPass Assets_. You are responsible for ensuring that descriptions, photos, assets and materials relating to your services, classes, brand, and business do not contain any content that is misleading or otherwise fails to comply with applicable law.
    5. _Policies_. You agree to comply with ClassPass policies and guidelines applicable to the ClassPass platform.
* ### 2\. PAYMENTS, EXCLUSIVITY & REPORTING
    
    1. _Payments for Qualifying Classes_. As full and complete payment for all goods and services you provide to us hereunder, ClassPass will pay you the applicable rate(s) as set forth in the Partner Agreement for each Qualifying Class. A “**Qualifying Class**” means a class or service at Partner booked by one of our users through our Website or by ClassPass that: (a) was attended by a ClassPass user, (b) was missed (i.e. not attended and also not canceled through our Website), or (c) was Late Canceled and not subsequently rebooked via ClassPass. “**Late Canceled**” means a class or service canceled within 12 hours of class time (provided that if your cancellation policy permits cancellation without penalty with less than 12 hours notice, your shorter cancellation policy will apply). For the avoidance of doubt, attendances that are not booked by us or through our Website, such as last-minute walk-ins, do not count as Qualifying Classes. We will communicate any cost that may apply to your use of any upgrades, products, services or features we may release from time to time.
        
    2. _Exclusivity_. You agree not to participate in any subscription, membership, package, site or app that make available fitness, wellness, or other experiential offerings from more than one provider (whether business-to-business or direct-to-consumer) or that is otherwise similar to ClassPass. You acknowledge that this commitment is. You acknowledge that this commitment is appropriate in light of the benefits of working with ClassPass and its efforts to offer the most robust experience possible for members. ClassPass reserves the right to determine whether a service or offering may be in conflict with your obligation under this provision.
        
    3. _Reports & Payment Date_. Payments for Qualifying Classes booked in a particular month will be issued to you periodically (but in no case later than 15 business days after the last day of that month). Payments for Qualifying Classes are calculated based on data contained in the Partner dashboard (that we make available to you so you can monitor your account) and as such will be the final determinant of payment. You should review and monitor your account regularly. In the event that you discover any discrepancies between the data in the Partner dashboard and our payment, you must notify us of such discrepancies within 30 days after the last day of the month in which there is a discrepancy.
        
    4. _Reconciliation_. We have 90 days after each payment to you to make reconciliation adjustments, such as in respect of classes that were cancelled but where we have remitted payment to you. We may credit any overpayments made against any other payments due to you hereunder. In addition, in the event of a payment dispute, you agree to provide us information and materials we reasonably request to confirm that our payments to you are correct.
        
    5. _Banking Authorization_. You authorize us to initiate ACH (or equivalent) credit transaction entries to your Bank Account. You hereby acknowledge that our origination of all ACH transactions to your Bank Account must comply with provisions of applicable law. Please note that ACH payments may take up to seven (7) business days to become available in your Bank Account after processing.
        
    6. _Fraud_. In no event will Partner be entitled to earn payments for (and if paid, ClassPass will be entitled to reimbursement for) standard reservations, Digital Content reservations, user purchases, or for anything else in cases of Partner’s fraud, bad faith, or other misconduct (including for reservations booked using a ClassPass free or discounted trial by any Person Partner inappropriately encouraged or incentivized or by Partner’s employees, staff, contractors, agents, family members, or friends, or otherwise made illegitimately in connection with fraud, bad faith, or in violation of ClassPass’ user terms) in ClassPass’ determination.
        
* ### 3\. MEMBER VISITS; FEES PAYABLE BY MEMBERS.
    
    Except as provided in the next sentence, you agree not to charge ClassPass members for any fees associated with attending classes and/or obtaining services booked through our Website or by ClassPass. The only charges which you may impose on our members in connection with classes and/or services booked through our Website or by ClassPass are equipment use or rental fees, and then only if such fees expressly have been disclosed to ClassPass in advance in writing not less than seven (7) days prior to the member’s reservation. Partner must not charge ClassPass members any fee that is not being charged to Partner’s existing and regular clients. We reserve the right to credit our members for any fees improperly assessed against them and then to apply such credits against payments otherwise due to you from ClassPass. You acknowledge and agree that ClassPass is not liable for any payments that may be due to you directly from our members.
    
* ### 4\. TAXES.
    
    You are solely responsible for collecting and remitting to the relevant tax authorities any applicable taxes (including VAT) related to the transactions herein.
    
* ### 5\. PERSONAL DATA.
    
    1. _Definitions_. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
        
        * 1\. "**Controller**," "**Processor**," "**Data Subject**," "**Personal Data**," and "**Processing**" (and "**Process**") shall have the meanings given in EU Data Protection Law.
        * 2\. "**Applicable Data Protection Law**" means all worldwide data protection and privacy laws and regulations applicable to the Personal Data in question, including, where applicable, EU Data Protection Law.
        * 3\. "**EU Data Protection Law**" means (i) prior to 25 May 2018, Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of individuals with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data (the "**Directive**"); (ii) on and after 25 May 2018, Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of natural persons with regard to the Processing of Personal Data and on the free movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation) (the "**GDPR**"); (iii) the EU e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC); and (iv) any and all applicable national data protection laws made under or pursuant to (i), (ii) or (iii); in each case as may be amended or superseded from time to time.
        * 4\. “**Customer Data**” means any data relating to a former, current, or potential ClassPass customer, or any information that may be derived from such data, including the customer’s name, home, business or other physical address, email address, phone number, birthdate, information about class participation, customer tendencies, and financial transaction data.
        
    2. _Use of Customer Data_: If ClassPass discloses (or has disclosed) any Customer Data to you (or you otherwise have gained access to such Customer Data in connection with ClassPass), you may only Process such Customer Data as necessary for the purpose of booking reservations strictly in accordance with any documented instructions of ClassPass (“**Permitted Purpose**”). You shall not Process any Customer Data that ClassPass sends you for any other purpose, including marketing or sending communications via mail or email. In order to use Customer Data for any purpose other than the Permitted Purpose, you must collect it directly from the customers in a manner that complies with Applicable Data Protection Law. You are solely and exclusively responsible for ensuring that your independent collection and Processing of Customer Data complies with all requirements of Applicable Data Protection Law.
        
    3. _Relationship of the parties_: The parties acknowledge that each party is a Controller of the Personal Data it discloses to the other or otherwise provides access to the other directly or indirectly, and that each party will Process such Personal Data as a separate and independent Controller strictly for the permitted purposes described herein. In no event will the parties process the Data as joint Controllers.
        
    4. _Compliance with Law_: Each party shall be individually and separately responsible for complying with the obligations that apply to it as a Controller under Applicable Data Protection Law.
        
    5. _Security_: You shall implement technical and organisational measures to protect the Customer Data from unauthorized access, disclosure, loss, alteration, and accidental or unlawful destruction (a “**Security Incident**”). Such measures shall reflect the state of the art, the costs of implementation, and the nature, scope, context, and purposes of Processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
        
    6. _Third Parties_: You may, at your election, appoint third party Processors to Process the Customer Data for the Permitted Purpose, provided that you remain fully liable for any breach of this Section 5 or Applicable Data Protection Law that is caused by an act or omission of such third party Processor, and you ensure that such third party Processors (including your staff, agents and subcontractors): (a) agree in writing to process the Customer Data solely in accordance with your documented instructions and for the Permitted Purpose; (b) implement appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect the Customer Data against a Security Incident; (c) provide sufficient guarantees that they will process the Customer Data in a manner that will meet the requirements of Applicable Data Protection Law, including agreeing to the same restrictions that are applicable to you under this Section 5; and (d) agree to comply with a strict duty of confidentiality.
        
    7. _Unauthorized Access or Security Incidents_: Upon becoming aware of any actual or suspected unauthorized access or use of or a Security Incident relating to Customer Data or other ClassPass confidential information, you shall inform ClassPass immediately, take all such measures and actions as are necessary to remedy or mitigate the effects of the unauthorized access or use or Security Incident, take all actions necessary to comply with Applicable Data Protection Law, and keep ClassPass informed of all developments in connection with the unauthorized access or use or the Security Incident. You agree to cooperate with any independent investigation by ClassPass, assist in mitigating damages, and bear all expenses that ClassPass incurs to comply with applicable laws arising from any unauthorized access to or use of ClassPass Customer Data or other confidential information by you or any of your employees, agents, or subcontractors.
        
    8. _Data Subject Requests_: In the event of a correspondence, enquiry or complaint from a data subject including its rights of access, correction, objection, erasure and/or data portability, as applicable), regulator or other third party ("**Correspondence**"), each party shall respond in a manner compliant with its respective obligations under Applicable Data Protection Law.
        
    9. International transfers: You shall neither Process any Customer Data nor permit any Customer Data to be Processed in a territory outside of the European Economic Area ("**EEA**") unless you have taken such measures as are necessary to ensure the transfer is in compliance with Applicable Data Protection Law. Such measures may include transferring the Data to a recipient in a country that the European Commission has decided provides adequate protection for Personal Data, to a recipient that has achieved binding corporate rules authorisation in accordance with Applicable Data Protection Law, to a recipient in the United States that maintains a valid and up-to-date EU-US Privacy Shield certification, or to a recipient that has executed standard contractual clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
        
    10. _Survival_: This Section 5 shall survive termination or expiry of the Partner Agreement. Upon termination or expiry of the Agreement, you may continue to Process the Personal Data solely for the Permitted Purpose provided that such Processing complies with the requirements of this Section 5 and Applicable Data Protection Law.
        
    11. _Breach or Security Incident_: In the event of a Security Incident or any other breach of your obligations hereunder or under Applicable Law, you must promptly take all necessary steps to remedy the issue, ClassPass shall have the immediate right to terminate the Venue Agreement or suspend your participation in the ClassPass network, and you shall be responsible for any damages, costs, or fines arising out of or in connection with the issue.
        
    12. _Other Data_. If you provide us, directly or indirectly, with any data or access to data, including Personal Data, such as data about your customers, instructors, employees and staff, or any third parties, you will only provide such access if you have taken all steps necessary under Applicable Data Protection Law (including providing them with all necessary privacy disclosures and obtaining any applicable consents) to share such data with us, and for us to Process such data in connection with our business in an ongoing manner as an independent Controller, including via international transfers, including the United States. Among other things, you agree to provide compliant privacy notices to all customers that reserve your classes or use your services, and to comply with such notices.
        
    13. _Further Documentation and Cooperation_. You agree to execute any additional documentation and take any other further action that is or may become necessary to comply with Applicable Data Protection Law. You further agree to reasonably cooperate with ClassPass in this regard if ClassPass seeks your assistance.
        
* ### 6\. TERM AND TERMINATION.
    
    The term of this Agreement will continue until such time as this Agreement is terminated in accordance with the Terms. Once Partner goes live for reservations on the ClassPass Platform, Partner may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon 90 days advance notice in writing. ClassPass may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon 30 days advance notice. During the period between notice of termination and the effective date of termination, Partner shall not reduce the percentage of its inventory made available to ClassPass by more than 50% of the inventory made available to ClassPass during the 30 days prior to the date of the notice of termination. In addition, ClassPass may terminate this Agreement or suspend your participation in the ClassPass network with immediate effect if you commit a breach of this Agreement, in the event of a dispute, due to quality issues, if ClassPass does not launch or is not available in your geographic market, or in ClassPass’ discretion in the event of a force majeure occurrence or an occurrence beyond ClassPass’ control. Sections 2(c), 2(d), 2(e), 3, 4, 5, 7, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 and this Section 6 will continue in full force and effect after any termination of this Agreement.
    
* ### 7\. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
    
    1. _Definitions_. As used in this Agreement, “**ClassPass IP**” means any intellectual property associated with our Website, Customer Data, ClassPass trade names, logos, trademarks, domain names, social media identifiers, all data collected through or from our Website, all audiovisual content, video or audio recordings, photographs, graphics, artwork, text or any other content created by ClassPass or at ClassPass’ direction, or assigned to ClassPass, and any materials, software, technology or tools used or provided by ClassPass to promote the goods and services and conduct its business in connection therewith; “**Feedback**” means feedback, suggestions, reviews, modifications, data, images, text, or other information or content about our products or services or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, any ClassPass IP, or your participation in this Agreement; “**Partner IP**” means Partner’s (or any third party) name, logos, trademarks, service marks, domain names, and any audiovisual content, video or recordings, photographs, graphics, artwork, text, data and any other content provided, specified, recommended, directed, authorized or approved for use by Partner to ClassPass (whether received directly from Partner or through a third-party), including Digital Content (as defined below) and Feedback.
    2. _Partner IP_. You grant ClassPass a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty free, paid‐up, transferable and sub-licensable licence and right to use, modify, reproduce, sublicense, publicly display, distribute, broadcast, transmit, stream, publish and publicly perform Partner IP, in each case in all media or formats now known or hereinafter developed (the “**Licence**”) including for your Partner page, blog posts, emails, banner ads, marketing and otherwise in connection with our business and services, including to analyze and improve our platform. While ClassPass’ use of the Partner IP as contemplated by this Licence shall be within our discretion, you expressly retain the right to request that we use your logo pursuant to any written guidelines that you provide to us. After any termination of this Agreement, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove Partner IP from our Website and other marketing materials; however, we will be authorized to maintain Partner IP to the extent reflected in blog entries, cached pages or in marketing materials where more than one Partner is referenced or where it would otherwise not be commercially feasible for ClassPass to remove and/or modify, and to the extent used to analyze and improve our platform and services.
    3. _ClassPass IP_. During the term of this Agreement, you may use the ClassPass name, logo and other ClassPass IP specified by us in writing in select locations (e.g., on Partner’s website, at check in) solely in accordance with any marketing guidelines that we provide to you and subject to our right to withdraw or limit such permission at any time. Without our express written authorization (from an executive officer), you shall not otherwise use ClassPass IP for any purpose. You agree not to disparage or otherwise denigrate ClassPass and not to promote a competitive offering.
    4. During the term of this Agreement, each party shall refer its customers to the other party’s website: ClassPass shall link customers to your applicable websites via ClassPass’ studio/venue profile pages, and all of your studios/venues shall feature a ClassPass Top Studio logo, which ClassPass shall provide, with a hyperlink to the ClassPass website.
    5. All rights to Partner IP not expressly granted in this Agreement to us are reserved by you, and all rights to ClassPass IP not expressly granted in this Agreement to you are reserved by us.
    6. You shall not prepare any derivative work based on the ClassPass IP or translate, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the ClassPass IP. You acknowledge and agree that, as between the parties, ClassPass owns all interest in and to ClassPass IP. You further agree not to take any action to challenge or object to the validity of ClassPass’s rights in the ClassPass IP or ClassPass’ ownership or registration thereof.
    7. If you provide us with Feedback, you irrevocably assign and agree to assign to ClassPass and its affiliates all right, title, and interest in and to any intellectual property rights associated with such Feedback. You agree to provide ClassPass such assistance as ClassPass may reasonably require to document, perfect, or maintain ClassPass’s rights in and to the Feedback.
    8. ClassPass shall have no liability to you, your employees, contractors, agents and its or their affiliates in respect of any reviews or comments posted by us or our members on our Website or otherwise.
* ### 8\. REPRESENTATIONS.
    
    You represent and warrant that:
    
    1. you have the right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement;
    2. you are registered, to the extent required by applicable law, with appropriate tax authorities in all jurisdictions where the goods and/or services you make available to the ClassPass platform will be provided;
    3. you own or have all necessary rights in and to the Partner IP and Feedback and have the right to grant us the Licence and other rights set forth herein (including in respect of any Partner IP that a third party has rights) to;
    4. the Partner IP and your goods and services (including the goods/services you make available to the ClassPass platform) do not include any material that gives rise to civil liability or otherwise violates any law;
    5. you and your employees, contractors, service providers and agents have had proper education and training and hold all required and up-to-date regulatory authorizations, licences and certifications required for the provision of any goods or services made available to ClassPass members pursuant to this Agreement;
    6. you comply with all laws and regulations applicable to your business (including business licenses, insurance documents, etc.);
    7. your business information and Bank Account as provided pursuant to this Agreement are accurate and you are the authorized person to receive the funds sent by ClassPass;
    8. you are not a party to any agreement, contract or understanding which would in any way restrict or prohibit you from undertaking or performing your obligations in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
* ### 9\. INSURANCE.
    
    During the term of this Agreement and for a period of one year thereafter, you shall maintain in force, with a reputable insurance company, professional indemnity insurance and public liability insurance each in an appropriate amount to cover the liabilities that may arise under or in connection with this Agreement (which in no event shall be less than €2,000,000 per policy) and shall, on ClassPass' request, produce both, copies of the insurance certificate giving details of cover and satisfactory proof that the current year's premium in respect of each insurance has been paid.
    
* ### 10\. INDEMNITY.
    
    You shall indemnify ClassPass, its affiliated and related entities, and any of its respective officers, directors, agents and employees (the “**Indemnified Parties**”) and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against any Losses (as defined in Section 14(i) of the Terms) arising out of or relating to any of the following: (a) any breach by you of this Agreement, or of your representations and warranties hereunder (including in respect of any misuse of Customer Data); (b) your value added or similar tax obligations arising in connection with this Agreement; (c) any claims against the Indemnified Parties out of or relating to goods and services provided by you or any of your affiliates, or as to any of your or their facilities, including any claims for false advertising, and (d) death or personal injury howsoever caused to a ClassPass member or any guest of a ClassPass member, or any loss of or damage to property in the possession of a ClassPass member or their guests whilst the ClassPass member or guest is at the venue where you are providing the goods and services ("**Venue**") (which for the purpose of this indemnity includes any external parts of your Venue, such as car parks) . We maintain the right to control our own defence and to choose and appoint our own defence counsel, regardless of the presence or absence of a conflict of interest between the parties. Your duty to indemnify us and hold us harmless includes the duty to pay our reasonable defence fees and costs on a full indemnity basis. In addition to any other rights or remedies set forth herein, we may offset any amounts due or payable by you pursuant to this Agreement against any amounts due or payable by us pursuant to this Agreement.
    
* ### 11\. CONFIDENTIALITY.
    
    You agree not to disclose the terms of this Agreement or any non-public information that we may share with you from time to time (such as business or product development plans) to any party (other than to your employees, parent entity, shareholders, attorneys and accountants on a strict need-to-know basis, provided that you have taken reasonable precautions to preserve the confidentiality of the information made available to such parties). In the event of a breach of Section 5 or this Section 11 of the Terms, we will be entitled to injunctive relief and specific performance, and any other relief allowed under applicable law (including monetary damages, if appropriate). ClassPass' confidential information includes the details of this Agreement, data, reports and other information we may provide to you from time to time about the fitness industry, your location(s), classes and/or other services. Such information is provided for informational purposes only.
    
* ### 12\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
    
    AS FAR AS IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL CLASSPASS BE LIABLE OR OBLIGATED TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE. IN ADDITION, AS FAR AS IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, CLASSPASS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH ANY ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ITS MEMBERS, THEIR GUESTS OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTIES. CLASSPASS’ SOLE AND COMPLETE LIABILITY TO PARTNER FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO PAYMENT OF THE UNPAID FEES DUE TO PARTNER PURSUANT TO SECTION 2 OF THE TERMS. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.
    
* ### 13\. DIGITAL.
    
    1. Digital Content. ClassPass may enable partners to make livestream and/or pre-recorded audio, video, and/or other digital content (collectively, “**Digital Content**”) available through the Website or other platforms. You grant ClassPass and its affiliates all rights needed to use the Digital Content and associated intellectual property (including to modify, reproduce, publicly display, distribute, broadcast, transmit, stream, publish, publicly perform, record, transfer, and sublicense it) worldwide in all applicable media and formats currently existing or hereinafter developed (including ClassPass’ platform and applicable third parties’ streaming, conferencing, and hosting services).
        
    2. _Representations_. You represent, warrant, and covenant that (i) you have and will maintain all rights needed from all applicable third parties, including streaming and conferencing services, Digital Content rightsholders and contributors, such as photographers, videographers, instructors, and actors, and owners of musical compositions and sound recordings, for you, ClassPass, and applicable third parties to lawfully use the Digital Content; (ii) no action or payment is or will be needed from ClassPass to lawfully use the Digital Content; (iii) your Digital Content does not and will not contain any material that is illegal, hateful, obscene, unsafe, harmful, or otherwise inappropriate; and (iv) you will take measures needed to respect users’ privacy and rights, including adequately explaining the default settings of any streaming or conferencing system you use. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless ClassPass and its officers, directors, employees, and affiliates from and against and Losses arising out of or relating to the Digital Content (and ClassPass’ use or nonuse thereof) or Partner’s breach of this Section (Digital).
        
    3. _Payments for Digital_. For each legitimate and bona fide livestream Digital Content session that a ClassPass user purchases to reserve or reserves using credits through the Website and successfully attended, you’ll earn the rate applicable to the livestream Digital Content for the applicable time period reflected in ClassPass’ systems (such as the Partner dashboard), unless we agree otherwise in writing. The rate must not be higher than Partner’s direct rate for the offering, and ClassPass is entitled to reimbursement if ClassPass pays a higher rate. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary herein or in your Partner Agreement, unless we otherwise agree in writing:
        
        i. no payment for Digital Content will be earned (and if paid, ClassPass will be entitled to reimbursement) for reservations that are, in ClassPass’ determination: (1) not attended; (2) booked illegitimately (including using a ClassPass free or discounted trial by any Person you inappropriately encouraged or incentivized or by your employees, staff, contractors, agents, family members, or friends, or otherwise booked illegitimately or in connection with fraud, bad faith, or in violation of ClassPass’ user terms); or (3) for non-livestream content (such as pre-recorded content); and
        
        ii. the definition of Qualifying Classes above (and the rates and payment schedule applicable to Qualifying Classes) do not apply to Digital Content.
        
    4. _Miscellaneous_. If a user reserves a Digital Content spot through ClassPass during the term of your Partner Agreement, you agree to fulfill it. ClassPass will determine the categorization, placement, layout and presentation of the Digital Content. Partner agrees to comply with ClassPass’ guidelines (e.g., regarding formatting) in order to facilitate featuring the Digital Content. ClassPass is not obligated to use or store all or any portion of Digital Content. Nothing in this Section (Digital) limits ClassPass’ rights under other sections of the Terms. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary herein or in any other agreement between ClassPass and Partner, no single reservation will warrant two payments (so for example, if Partner sells livestream class packs through ClassPass, Partner would not earn payments for both the pack as a whole and the single reservations), and all revenue that Partner earns or receives (or has earned or received) from ClassPass (from Digital Content and/or any other offerings) will count towards any revenue guarantees, and will be recoupable in connection with any prepayments, that ClassPass makes or has made to Partner.
        
* ### 14\. ADD-ON PROGRAM.
    
    1. _Add-on Program._ ClassPass may enable partners to participate in its Add-on program, through which partners are paid up front for partner offerings purchased by users through ClassPass, rather than being paid on a per-reservation basis as individual classes or sessions are attended.
        
    2. _Payment Terms._
        
        i. Partner Revenue for Qualifying Add-on Purchases. If you participate in the Add-on program:
        
        A. For each Qualifying Add-on Purchase completed on or before August 31, 2020 at 11:59pm ET, you will earn the full amount that ClassPass retains from such purchase (up to the amount of the applicable Partner Retail Rate, which is the maximum), which includes any applicable tax, except as otherwise stated herein or agreed in writing.
        
        B. For each Qualifying Add-on Purchase completed after August 31, 2020 at 11:59pm ET, you will earn 76.5% of the Partner Retail Rate, which includes any applicable tax, except as otherwise stated herein or agreed in writing.
        
        C. If you earn revenue for a Qualifying Add-on Purchase in accordance with this section, individual classes or sessions reserved in connection with the Add-on will not count as Qualifying Classes, and you will not earn revenue or any form of compensation for such reservations other than the revenue described in this section.
        
        ii. Pricing Integrity. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary in the Terms or in any agreement between Partner and ClassPass: You are responsible for providing true and accurate information about your pricing. If the pricing you provide (or the pricing on which your payouts are based) is higher than the pricing you’ve used in non-ClassPass channels, your earned revenue (and your rates going forward) may be reduced accordingly, and for any overpayments already made, ClassPass shall be entitled to either receive reimbursement from you for the difference between the amount paid to you and the amount you should have earned, or to deduct such difference from payments to you.
        
        iii. Payment Schedule. Payments for Qualifying Add-on Purchases will be sent periodically, within 15 business days after the last day of the month.
        
        iv. Refunds/Reimbursements. If Partner or Partner’s personnel receives a cancellation or refund request, Partner should contact ClassPass and not provide a refund directly or take any other responsive action, unless ClassPass provides written instructions to the contrary. ClassPass may issue refunds to users as required by law or in its discretion. Notwithstanding any language to the contrary in the Agreement, if ClassPass issues (or confirms that it is planning to issue) a full or partial refund to a purchaser of your Add-on, ClassPass shall have the right to be reimbursed for the applicable amount by Partner or to deduct the applicable amount from payments to Partner in ClassPass’ discretion; and if ClassPass requests that Partner issue a refund to a user directly instead of reimbursing ClassPass, Partner shall follow ClassPass’ instructions. Partner’s obligations under this section shall apply in all events, including if you are not able to provide the applicable service.
        
    3. _Fulfillment._
        
        i. Reservations. Unless otherwise agreed by ClassPass in writing, users must make reservations through the ClassPass platform (rather than directly with Partner).
        
        ii. Access. Partner shall grant ClassPass and its users equal or greater access to Partner’s venues, schedules, classes, other offerings, and spots as Partner’s other customers; Partner shall not grant any direct customer access broader than that granted to ClassPass users. Partner shall enable every user who purchases an Add-on to redeem all sessions associated with it without restriction, pursuant to the terms communicated to the user at point of purchase through ClassPass and the terms herein (including not charging users for access, activation, or any other fees or costs, not requiring any minimum term commitment, where applicable, allowing unlimited access to facilities, and otherwise) through the end of the redemption period communicated to such user at point of purchase through ClassPass, notwithstanding any termination or expiration of this Agreement or any other event.
        
    4. _Business Responsibility._ Partner shall be responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable laws relating to the operation of its business and sales of its offerings, including ensuring that users sign any applicable membership agreement and/or other legally required documentation upon arrival at Partner’s facilities or otherwise.
        
    5. _Definitions._ **“Add-on”** refers to a Partner class package, recurring membership, or other Partner offering as made available to users through ClassPass pursuant to terms that are communicated to such users through the ClassPass platform. **“Partner Retail Rate”** is the lowest price for which the direct Partner offering corresponding to the Add-on has been made available by Partner directly to its own customers or through other non-ClassPass channels up to and including the date of the Qualifying Add-on Purchase, or if there is no corresponding offering that Partner makes available directly, a price that ClassPass determines based on the pricing of other comparable offerings. **“Qualifying Add-on Purchase”** is a user’s valid and complete purchase of a partner offering through the ClassPass platform as a part of the Add-on program.
        
* ### 15\. MISCELLANEOUS.
    
    1. _Relationship of the Parties_.ClassPass and Partner are independent contractors. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, franchise, or an agency relationship between the parties and neither party has the authority, without the other party's prior written approval, to bind or commit the other in any way.
        
    2. _Entire Agreement; Amendments_.This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to its subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements concerning such subject matter. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Partner Agreement and the Terms, the Terms shall prevail. You acknowledge that you have had the opportunity to review this Agreement with legal counsel.
        
    3. _Amendments_.ClassPass may amend the Agreement (including the Partner Agreement and/or the Terms) at any time without advance notice to you or consent by you. The most recent version of the Terms will be available in the Partner dashboard. Partner agrees that this notification method constitutes adequate notice to inform Partner of any amendments to the Agreement and Partner further agrees to be bound by any such amendments immediately upon such notification, or in accordance with such other time frame that may be communicated by ClassPass. In the event that you do not agree with the amended terms, you may exercise your termination right for convenience pursuant to Section 6 of the Terms. In that event, provided your notice of termination is received promptly after the terms are amended, ClassPass will continue to honour the terms in effect prior to the amendment for the duration of the applicable termination period. This Agreement may not otherwise be amended or modified except by mutual agreement of authorized representatives of the parties in writing.
        
    4. _Assignment_.You will not transfer or assign your rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of an authorized representative of ClassPass. We may transfer or assign this Agreement to a present or future affiliate or pursuant to a merger, consolidation, reorganization or sale of all or substantially all of the assets or our business without the requirement for prior notice to, or consent from, Partner. In addition, instead of the transfer or assignment we shall be entitled to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect on written notice to you in the event of any of the foregoing. On request from ClassPass, you will promptly enter into such documents as are reasonably required to give effect to ClassPass' transfer rights under this section.
        
    5. _Severability_.If any provision (or part of any provision) of this Agreement should be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect at any time: (a) it will not affect or impair the legality, validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement; and (b) that provision (or part provision), will be deemed deleted.
        
    6. NO RELIANCE. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND REPRESENTS TO THE OTHER THAT IT HAS NOT RELIED ON, OR BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, ANY REPRESENTATION MADE BY ANY PERSON (WHETHER OR NOT A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT) WHICH IS NOT EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THIS AGREEMENT. CLASSPASS DOES NOT WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICES OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT ANY VENUE OFFERING WILL RESULT IN ANY REVENUE OR PROFIT FOR PARTNER. IN THIS SECTION, “REPRESENTATION” MEANS REPRESENTATION, STATEMENT, ASSURANCE, WARRANTY, UNDERTAKING OR COMMITMENT (WHETHER CONTRACTUAL OR OTHERWISE) MADE OR GIVEN BEFORE THE START DATE.
        
    7. _Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver_. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict or choice of law principles. The parties submit all their disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in New York, New York. You hereby waive any right to a jury trial and agree that any proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated, or representative action.
        
    8. _Notices_.Except as explicitly stated otherwise, legal notices will be served in English, with respect to ClassPass, at its registered office with a copy being sent to ClassPass, 101 E. Front Street, 5th Floor, Missoula, MT 59802, Attention: Legal Department, and, with respect to you, at either the email address or the postal mailing set out in the Partner Agreement. Notice will be deemed given: (1) if delivered by email, upon transmission unless the party giving notice receives a transmission failure notice, (2) upon receipt, in the case of deliveries by hand; (3) on the second (2nd) business day (in the place of receipt), after it was posted, where posting and receipt are in the same country; and (4) on the 5th business day (in the place of receipt), after posting, if sent by pre-paid airmail (or other international mail).
        
    9. _Headings, Captions & Definitions_.The headings and captions in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall in no way modify, or affect the meaning or construction of, any of the terms or provisions hereof. The terms defined herein shall apply equally to both the singular and plural forms and to the correlative forms of such terms. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The English language version of these Terms and this Agreement shall prevail if there is a conflict. The words “**include**”, “**includes**” and “**including**” shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase “**without limitation**”. “**Losses**” means all direct or indirect losses (including any loss of profit, consequential loss, loss of business, and like loss), damages, expenses, liabilities, actions, claims, demands, proceedings, judgments, settlements, penalties, sanctions, fines, costs (including legal costs, other professional costs and the costs of enforcements) and the expenses of investigating and defending any claims (including legal fees and disbursements, consultants' fees and disbursements and other professional fees and disbursements) whatsoever. The word “**or**” is not exclusive. All references to “**days**” shall be to calendar days and all references to “**months**” shall be to calendar months, unless otherwise specified.
        
    10. _Contact_. You agree that in connection with this Agreement or ClassPass, we may contact you and/or your employees by email, mail, phone or other means of communication, including by using any contact information you provide or that is available to us.