Commerce Ranking Disclosure

We may display structured product or service listings by sellers (each a **“Product Listing”**) to users (each a “User”) of the following Facebook and Instagram commerce products (“**Facebook and Instagram Commerce Products**”):

* Shops (features that enable sellers to build and operate online stores on and through their Facebook or Instagram account to offer products and services through virtual storefronts);
* Features on Facebook that utilized Product Listings to allow users to connect with each other to buy and sell products and services (including on Marketplace).

We want the Product Listings that Users see to be as interesting and useful to them as possible. We prioritize the following signals to decide which Product Listings to show people using our Facebook and Instagram Commerce Products:

* **User searches**: When a User runs a search, we aim to match Product Listings that are directly relevant to the terms, options, and filters selected by the User. For example, a User could choose to search for “shoes” that are within a certain price range, sold in a certain condition (e.g., new or used), and available in a certain location (e.g., local).
* **Engagement**: We rely on signals related to Users’ browsing and shopping activity within the Facebook and Instagram Commerce Products. For example, we will suggest Product Listings on Shops similar to Product Listings that Users have previously viewed, searched for, or purchased on Shops (e.g., a User who has previously looked for or at Product Listings related to baby carriers may also find suggestions for baby toys on Shops as a result of our User engagement tools). We also rely on signals from User engagement in general on Facebook and Instagram, as permitted by our data policies.
* **User demographics**: We use signals such as a User’s age and location to display items that may be of interest to the User.
* **Listing quality**: We measure Product Listing quality by assessing objective attributes such as whether the images are high quality and whether the description, pricing, and availability of information provided about the product appear to be accurate and complete.
* **User Experience**: We want to show Users Product Listings that meet their expectations of quality and reliability. For example, for business-to-User sales, we consider business trust signals, such as the business’s performance, whether the business is well-known, whether the product itself appears to be high quality, and the price of the product relative to competitors. Similarly, we may consider ratings and reviews in determining the quality or reliability of a seller’s Product Listing, or whether the seller has enabled checkout within Facebook or Instagram (if available in the seller’s location). In addition, for User-to-User sales, we consider whether the price included in a Product Listing is comparable to prices in Product Listings of a similar nature or if we think a price may be misleading.
* **Advertising**: Some sellers may choose to pay to increase the visibility of their Product Listings by turning it into an advertisement. In such case, the Product Listings will be identified as advertisements. Otherwise, sellers cannot pay to increase the visibility of their Product Listings.

In addition, our algorithms weigh signals differently depending on the context. For example, when a User runs a search, the order in which results appear is heavily influenced by the relevance of Product Listings to the User’s query. When a User clicks on a particular Product Listing or category of products, the order of Product Listings displayed is influenced more by User preferences, as these signals tend to focus more on helping the User discover new Product Listings that may be relevant or useful to that particular User. When displaying Product Listings, we also take into account the User’s device (e.g., app, browser, phone, tablet, computer, etc.). We may highlight or suggest certain sellers or Product Listings to Users in connection with seasonality, special events, special engagements, broad consumer interest, or other factors listed above.

_Last modified: May 28, 2022_