IMPORTANT: BY PLACING AN ORDER, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, CLICKING TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT OR ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING OR USING ANY ELEMENT OF GUEST CENTER, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR USE GUEST CENTER.

This MyTable Guest Center Client Agreement (this Agreement) is entered into by and between Golden Side Company for Trading ("MyTable”), and the entity placing an order for or accessing Guest Center ("Client” or “you"). The "Effective Date” of this Agreement is the earliest of the date on which Client first places an Order (as defined below), clicks to accept this Agreement or otherwise registers for, accesses or uses Guest Center.

This Agreement permits Client to order Guest Center through one or more executed order or intake forms referencing this Agreement or online through a registration page or order flow (in each case, an "Order”). The Order will identify the restaurant(s) for which Guest Center is permitted to be used ("Restaurant(s)’’). In addition to the terms below, each Order is deemed part of this Agreement to the extent it covers MyTable services with respect to Guest Center. Each party expressly agrees that this Agreement is legally binding upon it. Client understands and agrees that MyTable may modify this Agreement from time to time as permitted in Section 13.8 (Changes to Agreement) below. This Agreement is divided into two parts. Part 1 describes the terms that govern your use of Guest Center. Part 2 explains each party’s obligations under MyTable’s service policy for Guest Center. If you are an individual accepting on behalf of Client, you represent and warrant that (i) you are of legal age to form a binding contract and have full legal authority to bind Client to this Agreement, (ii) you have read and understand this Agreement, and (iii) you agree, on behalf of the Client, to this

Part I - Reservation Services

PART 2: MYTABLE SERVICE POLICY

###### Definition

“MyTable System” is defined as the MyTable restaurant reservation customized URL or the integrated search module.

Insolvency Event" in relation to a person (a person includes any individual, company, firm, corporation, undertaking, partnership, joint venture, association, institution or government (whether or not having a separate legal personality)), means any of the following: (a) a receiver or administrative receiver taking possession of or being appointed over, or a mortgagee, chargee or other encumbrancer taking possession of the whole or any part of the asset of that person; (b) any distress, execution or other process being levied or enforced (and not being discharged within seven days) on any assets of that person; (c) that person or its directors or the holder of a qualifying floating charge (as defined in Saudi Law) giving notice of his, their or its intention to appoint an administrator in accordance with Saudi Law or becoming entitled to appoint an administrator or receiver; (d) that person or its directors or the holder of a qualifying floating charge (as defined in Saudi Law) making an application to the court for the appointment of an administrator; (e) an administrator being appointed of that person based on Saudi Law or otherwise; (f) a petition being filed or presented, a notice given or a resolution being passed or an order being made for or in connection with the administration or the winding-up, bankruptcy or dissolution of that person or that person being struck off the register of companies; or (g) the happening in relation to that person of an event or the takings of proceedings analogous to any of the above in any jurisdiction.

MyTable Network” means the proprietary MyTable online restaurant reservation network (or any successor network) consisting ofMyTable.com and any other websites, wireless platforms or applications (including, without limitation, the MyTable System) owned or operated (in whole or in part) by MyTable or its affiliates, in each case, as made available by MyTable, and any third party partner websites, platforms or services in relation to which MyTable or its affiliates enter into agreements from time to time.

MyTable Service or Guest Center means MyTables system that enables reservation and table management capabilities with respect to each Restaurant subject to this Agreement, as specified in the applicable Order (but, excluding any third party materials listed on the Order) as made available through: (a) the Restaurant-facing features and functionality of the MyTable Network and (b) the MyTable Software.

“MyTable Software" means the object code version of MyTable’s proprietary software that may be provided to Client hereunder for use with the MyTable Service.

###### MyTable Service.

Use of MyTable Service. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, MyTable hereby grants Client a non-exclusive, nontransferable, no sublicensable, revocable right to use the MyTable Service during the applicable Restaurant Term (as defined in Section 8), but only in connection with the applicable Restaurant’s access to and promotion on the MyTable Network and management of customer reservations and tables at such Restaurant. If and to the extent MyTable makes MyTable Software available to Client in connection with the MyTable Service, Client may use the related MyTable Software as part of its permitted use of the MyTable Service, subject to this Agreement and any additional end user license agreement provided with the MyTable Software (“EULA”).

\* Restrictions. Client agrees not to and agrees not to authorize any third party to: (a) copy, modify or make derivatives of, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or otherwise attempt to discover any portion of the source code or trade secrets of the MyTable Service (except to the extent such prohibition on reverse engineering is prohibited by law, and then only upon advance notice to MyTable); (b) distribute, sell, sublicence, transfer, assign, rent, or lease the MyTable Service, or otherwise disclose or provide third parties with use of the MyTable Service; (c) remove, obscure or alter any notice of any copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary right related to the MyTable Service; or (d) publicly disseminate performance information or analysis regarding the MyTable Service.

\* Setup, Training and Support. MyTable will provide setup, training and support services for the MyTable Service in accordance with its standard internal policies and as further described in Part 2, Service Policy, below. Client may use deliverables or work product provided by or on behalf of MyTable in connection with such services (“Deliverables”) solely in support of Client’s permitted use of the MyTable Service and subject to the same terms and conditions as apply to the MyTable Service hereunder.

\* Promotion and Online Reservations; Use of Client Listing Materials. MyTable will allow users of the MyTable Network (“Users") to make online reservations at the Restaurant(s). During the applicable Restaurant Term(s), MyTable may copy, distribute, publicly display, communicate to the public and publicly perform, and reformat Client Listing Materials for purposes of listing, promoting and making available reservations for Client’s Restaurants on the MyTable Network. All goodwill arising from use of Client Listing Materials will inure to the benefit of Client. “Client Listing Materials" means trademarks, trade names, business names, logos, descriptions, menus and/or photographs of Clients Restaurant(s).

\* Data: During the applicable Restaurant Term, MyTable will provide Client with certain MyTable Data as permitted under MyTable’s then-current MyTable Privacy Policy (currently located at https://mytable.sa/privacy-policy) (the “MyTable Privacy Policy"). Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Client may use such MyTable Data as MyTable may provide for its lawful business purposes. “MyTable Data" means data related to Users and Users’ reservations at Clients Restaurants that MyTable makes available to Client through the MyTable Service. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, MyTable may use any Client Data for MyTable’s lawful business purposes. “Client Data" means Restaurant schematic information, reservation information and similar data submitted by Client to the MyTable Service, but excluding MyTable Data. As between the parties, Client shall retain all right, title and interest (including any and all intellectual property rights) in and to the Client Data as provided to MyTable. During the thirty (30) day period after the Term ends, provided that Client is current in all payments, Client will have the opportunity to request that MyTable export or download for Client the Client Data and MyTable Data in Client’s account of the MyTable Service.

Client’s Obligations.: Registration and Login Information; Responsibility for Employees. All information Client provides to MyTable to establish or maintain its MyTable Service account must be true, accurate, current and complete. Such information may include physical address, email address, phone number and other information as MyTable may reasonably request. Client will maintain the confidentiality of its login and password information for the MyTable Service and will be responsible for all actions taken through Client’s account for the MyTable Service. Client agrees to immediately notify MyTable of any unauthorized use of its account or any other breach of security related to its use of the MyTable Service. Client will limit use of the MyTable Service to its authorized employees and contractors and will be responsible for their compliance with this Agreement.

MyTable Service Policy; Online Reservations; Exclusivity. Client agrees to the MyTable Service Policy in Part 2. Client agrees to accept online reservations processed through the MyTable Network and honor those reservations in accordance with the Client Responsibilities provisions in Part 2. Client shall install and deploy the MyTable System on Client’s website(s) within forty-five (45) days following the Effective Date and continue to deploy the MyTable System on Client’s website(s) and not otherwise interfere with its functionality throughout the term of the Agreement. Client shall not use the MyTable System on any other website without the prior written consent of MyTable. During the term of the Agreement, the MyTable System shall be Client’s exclusive restaurant reservation service on or accessible through the Client’s website(s). Notwithstanding Section 6, Client understands and agrees that any breach of this Section 4.2 by Client may result in an increase of prices to MyTable’s then-current published list prices.

Representations and Warranties. Client represents, warrants and covenants to MyTable that (a) it has the requisite right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (b) this Agreement has been accepted by Client and constitutes a legally valid and binding obligation of Client, enforceable against Client in accordance with its terms; (c) Client owns or controls the Restaurant(s) and shall be responsible for the Restaurant(s) compliance with this Agreement; (d) in its use of the MyTable Service and any MyTable Data, Client will comply with all applicable laws and regulations (collectively, “Laws"), Client’s applicable privacy policy and the MyTable Privacy Policy; and (e) Client has all necessary rights, consents and permissions to provide all Client Data and Client Listing Materials to MyTable and grant the rights granted by Client herein, and the exercise of MyTables rights to Client Data and Client Listing Materials as contemplated herein will not violate or infringe any Laws, third party intellectual property right, right of privacy or right of publicity or any applicable privacy policy of Client.

\* Indemnity by Client Client will indemnify, defend (at MyTable’s option) and hold harmless MyTable, its affiliates and their respective employees, directors, officers, employees, representatives and agents ("MyTable Indemnified Parties") from and against any claim, action or proceeding brought or threatened by a third party arising from: (a) Client’s breach of any provision, covenant, warranty or representation in this Agreement; (b) Clients willful acts or omissions, negligence, or other similar wrongdoing; or (c) Client’s failure to comply with any Laws. Client will pay all costs (including, but not limited to, court costs and reasonable legal fees and costs), damages, losses, liabilities, expenses, penalties, judgments and settlements incurred by the MyTable Indemnified Parties, or which the MyTable Indemnified Parties otherwise become subject to, in connection with or arising from any such claim. Client may not settle any such claim without MyTable’s prior written consent. MyTable may assume the defence of any such claim at its option and Client’s expense, but this shall not limit Clients other obligations under this Section 5.

\* Payment Client agrees to pay MyTable in accordance with the applicable Order. One-time "Setup and activation Fee(s)” are due upon the Effective Date of this Agreement, and monthly billing for all other fees by MyTable shall commence upon the date of setup of the MyTable Service at each applicable Restaurant. All recurring fees are billed monthly in advance, except Cover Fees, which are billed monthly in arrears. “Cover Fee" means the fee charged by MyTable for each reservation at a Restaurant made through the MyTable Network, as specified in the applicable Order. Cover Fees are not payable for parties that fail to show up for a reservation, but only if Client designates the reservation as a “no show" through the MyTable Service (as further described in Part 2). Client agrees to make payment by the automatic payment method set forth in the payment instructions provided by Client to MyTable in the form requested by MyTable. It is Client’s responsibility to ensure that its payment information is current and accurate at all times. Client understands and agrees that Client may be responsible for additional charges delineated on the Order(s), if applicable (including, without limitation, an administrative fee for any rejected payment method in the amount set forth in the Order). In addition, Client understands and agrees that MyTable may, with respect to each Restaurant, after the Restaurant Initial Term (as defined below), and in its sole discretion, modify the prices listed on the Order(s). MyTable will use reasonable efforts to provide sixty (60) days written notice prior to any such modification. Invoice payment terms are net thirty (30) days.

Late Payments. Any amounts not paid when due under this Agreement will be charged a late fee based on the initial proposal provided (SR. 12.50/day after the first five (05) days of late payment), this will be computed and compounded daily from the date due until the date paid. Such late fees shall accrue on a daily basis from the due date up to the date of actual payment, whether before or after judgment. Late payments may result in an immediate suspension of services, application will be suspended on/after 20 days delay of payment

\* Taxes: General. Client acknowledges and agrees that all applicable taxes associated with the MyTable Service and the use thereof, and any other products and services sold, rented or provided by MyTable hereunder, with the exception of income taxes, will be the sole responsibility of Client and billed in addition to any other fees due MyTable. All fees set out in Order(s) are exclusive of VAT and other sales and use taxes. Client must pay any applicable taxes and agrees to make payment to MyTable without deducting any amount for withholding taxes, if any are applicable (or, to gross up the amount of the payment to MyTable so that, after the withholding taxes are deducted, the amount received by MyTable remains the same as the amount invoiced by MyTable). In addition, Client agrees to pay, and to indemnify and hold MyTable harmless from, any sales, use, excise, import or export, value added or similar tax or duty not based on MyTables income, as well as the collection or withholding thereof, including penalties and interest, and all government permit or license fees and all customs and similar fees levied upon the delivery of the MyTable Service(s) and the use thereof, and any other products and services provided by MyTable under the Agreement, and any costs associated with the collection of any of the foregoing items.

VAT. MyTable will treat Client as established in the KSA as a VAT taxable person if Client provides MyTable with a valid KSA VAT identification number ("VAT ID”) in the format requested by MyTable. After receipt of the VAT ID, a verification process on the validity of this VAT ID will be conducted by MyTable. During this verification process MyTable will verify whether the VAT ID is valid. If the VAT ID provided to MyTable appears to be valid and matches the Client Information provided to MyTable, any cross border MyTable service charge will be made in accordance with KSA VAT Law. In such event no VAT will be charged on the service fees of MyTable and Client will be held to self-assess the VAT due on the service fee (in accordance with KSA VAT Law). MyTable will not apply this VAT treatment in case Client does not provide MyTable with a valid VAT ID (this is for example the case if the VAT ID is not provided, or not provided in the right format, by Client, or, if the VAT ID appears not to be valid according by VAT Taxpayer Lookup tool provided by GAZT, or, the Client information does not, according to GAZT, match with the legal name and address linked to the VAT ID provided to MyTable. In such cases MyTable will charge VAT along the VAT rules for Business to Consumer service charges for Electronic Supplied Services. In such scenario MyTable will charge VAT on top of the service charge due at the VAT rate applicable in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia where the Client is located. Client shall not hold MyTable responsible in cases the VAT charged appears to be non-recoverable VAT for Client. If a valid VAT ID is provided after the VAT has been paid by MyTable, no retroactive adjustment of the service charge will have to be made by MyTable.

Credits and Debits. MyTable may, in its sole discretion, complete an Internet reservation reconciliation and issue credits and debits as necessary to resolve any discrepancies between these reconciliations and initial reservation information reported through the MyTable Network.

\* Ownership MyTable or its licensor is, and will remain, the owner of the MyTable Service, MyTable Network, MyTable Data, MyTable Software, any aggregate data based on Client Data that does not contain personally identifiable or Client specific information, Usage Information (as defined below), all Deliverables and any other data as may be collected through the MyTable Network, any modifications, improvements or derivative works of the foregoing (including as may incorporate Feedback, as defined below), and all patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and other proprietary or intellectual property rights, whether registered, unregistered, known or unknown, associated with any of the foregoing (collectively, “MyTable Technology”). Nothing herein limits use of the MyTable Technology by MyTable or its licensor in any manner. Client will take such actions as MyTable may reasonably request to confirm ownership of the MyTable Technology by MyTable or its licensor. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no right, title or interest therein or thereto will be transferred to Client hereunder, irrespective of any use of the words “purchase”, "sale” or any similar terms. Client, from time to time, may submit comments, information, questions, data, ideas, description of processes, or other information to MyTable (“Feedback"). MyTable may in connection with any of its products or services freely use, copy, disclose, license, communicate to the public, distribute and exploit any Feedback in any manner without any obligation, royalty or restriction based on intellectual property rights or otherwise. Client further agrees that MyTable may collect usage and technical information regarding Client’s use of the MyTable Service, including without limitation Client’s IP address and approximate geographic location and records regarding features of the MyTable Service used and session length (“Usage Information") and may use Usage Information for any lawful business purpose.

\* Term; Termination. Term. The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier as expressly provided herein, shall continue until the end of all Restaurant Term(s) (as defined below) (the "Term”). Each Restaurant shall be subject to this Agreement beginning on the date a Restaurant is subject to an Order until the date that is twelve (12) months after the date the MyTable Service is setup at such Restaurant (each, a "Restaurant Initial Term”). Upon the expiration of the applicable Restaurant Initial Term, the Agreement (and each Order) shall automatically renew with respect to the applicable Restaurant for additional one (1) month periods until either party provides the other party with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of termination of this Agreement or that such Restaurant shall no longer be subject to this Agreement (each renewal period, a “Restaurant Renewal Term” and together with the applicable Restaurant Initial Term, the "Restaurant Term”).

Termination. Application, Related Services and the Agreement will be terminated if the client fails to meet the required daily reservations count, i.e monthly average of 15 reservation and/or restaurant/client fail to meet the conditions as per this agreement.

If Client wishes to terminate this Agreement or requests that a Restaurant no longer be subject to this Agreement without Cause (as defined below) prior to the end of any applicable Restaurant Initial Term, Client may do so, provided Client provides thirty (30) days prior written notice to MyTable, and Client pays, within such thirty (30) day period, and with respect to each Restaurant which would no longer be subject to this Agreement, all remaining monthly fees applicable to any remaining portion of any Restaurant Initial Term applicable to such Restaurant(s) plus the additional termination fee set forth on the Order. Either party may terminate this Agreement (or any individual Order) immediately by giving the other party written notice of termination in the event that the other party: (a) undergoes an Insolvency Event; (b) commences negotiations with all or any class of its creditors with a view to rescheduling any of its debts, or makes a proposal for or entering into any compromise or arrangement with its creditors other than for the sole purpose of a scheme for a solvent amalgamation with one or more other companies or its solvent reconstruction or makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (c) suspends or ceases, or threatens to suspend or cease, to carry on all or a substantial part of its business or passes a resolution for its liquidation, dissolution or winding up; or (d) breaches any of its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect, which breach is not cured within thirty (30) days after the breaching party receives written notice of such breach from the non-breaching party (each such event shall constitute "Cause"). Without limiting the foregoing, in the event that Client has failed to pay any amount due hereunder within thirty (30) days following the due date for such payment, MyTable may immediately terminate this Agreement.

Cancellation Prior to Setup. If Client wishes to cancel or reschedule setup of the MyTable Service, Client must notify MyTable seven (7) days before the agreed upon setup date or will be subject to the fixed non-refundable cancellation charge set forth in the Order, in addition to any travel expenses incurred by MyTable for the set up.

Effect of Termination. Upon the expiration or termination of the Agreement for any reason: (a) Clients right to use the MyTable Service (including any underlying software provided hereunder) granted by MyTable to Client hereunder will immediately terminate; (b) Client will cease all use of the MyTable Service and delete any MyTable Software that may be in its possession; (c) the rights and obligations of the parties under Sections 3 (Data), 5 (Indemnity by Client), 6 (Payment; inclusive of all subsections), 7 (Ownership), 8.4 (Effect of Termination), 9 (Warranty Disclaimer), 10 (Limitation of Liability), 11 (Confidentiality), 12 (Indemnity by MyTable) and 13 (General) will survive such expiration or termination; and (e) any amounts still due to MyTable shall be immediately due and payable and continue to bear interest in accordance with Section 6.1.

\* Warranty Disclaimer: The MyTable Service, MyTable Network, MyTable Software and any Deliverables or services provided hereunder are provided "as is” and “as available”, MyTable makes no representation or warranty with respect to the MyTable Service, the MyTable Network, MyTable Software, Deliverables or services. Save as expressly set out in this Agreement MyTable expressly disclaims any and all warranties, conditions and terms whether express, implied or statutory, with respect to the MyTable Service, the MyTable Network, MyTable Software and all Deliverables or services (including without limitation those related to setup, connectivity and wiring) provided hereunder by MyTable or any third party vendor selected by MyTable, including without limitation any implied warranty, condition or term of satisfactory quality, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose, or any implied warranty, condition or term arising from course of performance, course of dealing or usage of trade. MyTable does not warrant that Client’s use of the MyTable Service, MyTable Network or MyTable Software will be uninterrupted or error-free, that MyTable will review the Client Data for accuracy or that it will preserve or maintain the Client Data without loss. MyTable shall not be liable for delays, interruptions, service failures or other problems inherent in use of the Internet and electronic communications or other systems outside the reasonable control of MyTable.

\* Limitation of Liability: MyTable will not be liable to Client for (1) any special, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages; or (2) for any loss of profit, revenue, data, business or use; arising out of this Agreement. In no event will MyTables cumulative liability arising from or related to this Agreement, including, without limitation, any related cause of action, exceed the total amounts paid by Client to MyTable during the twelve (12) months prior to the date of the event giving rise to the initial claim for which damages are recovered hereunder. Client understands and agrees that the foregoing limitations are an essential element of the Agreement between the parties and that in the absence of such limitations the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement would be substantially different. Neither partys liability (a) for death or personal injury caused by its negligence or the negligence of its employees or agents; (b) for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (c) any breach implied or (d) any other exclusion prohibited by law is excluded or limited by this Agreement, even if any other term of this Agreement would otherwise suggest that this might be the case. The parties agree that the limitations specified in Section 9 (Warranty Disclaimer) and this Section 10 (Limitation of Liability) will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in this Agreement is found to have failed of its essential purpose

\* Confidentiality: Any confidential or proprietary information of either party, whether of a technical, business or other nature, including, but not limited to trade secrets, know-how, technology and information relating to customers, business plans, promotional and marketing activities, finances and other business affairs (collectively, "Confidential Information”) disclosed to the recipient party by the disclosing party in connection with this Agreement will be treated by the recipient party as confidential and proprietary, provided that it is marked at time of disclosure as confidential or proprietary or is of such a nature that a reasonable business person would consider it confidential or proprietary. The terms and conditions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, pricing), the MyTable Technology, and any performance information regarding the MyTable Service or MyTable Network are all deemed Confidential Information of MyTable. Unless specifically authorized by the disclosing party or in order to exercise its rights under this Agreement, the recipient party will: (a) not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party (other than as set forth in this Section, below); and (b) otherwise use reasonable precautions to protect such Confidential Information from unauthorized use and disclosure, including, without limitation, all precautions it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of a similar nature. Any employee, contractor, agent or advisor, given access to any Confidential Information must have a legitimate "need to know” in order to perform a party’s obligations or exercise its rights under this Agreement and the recipient party shall remain responsible for each such person’s compliance with the terms of this Agreement. The obligations set forth in this paragraph will not apply to any information that: (i) was already known to the recipient party, other than under an obligation of confidentiality, at the time of disclosure by the disclosing party; (ii) was generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its disclosure to the recipient party; (iii) became generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure and other than through any act or omission of the recipient party in breach of this Agreement; (iv) was disclosed to the recipient party, other than under an obligation of confidentiality, by a third party who had no obligation to another party not to disclose such information to others; or (v) was developed independently by the recipient party without any use of Confidential Information of the disclosing party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the recipient party may make disclosures to the extent required by Law, rule, stock exchange rule, subpoena, governmental proceeding or court order.

\* Indemnity by MyTable: MyTable agrees to (a) defend Client, and its officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents, from and against any and all third party claims alleging that the MyTable Service, when used by Client as authorised under this Agreement, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s patent, copyright, trademark or other proprietary right and (b) pay all costs and damages awarded against Client or agreed in settlement by MyTable (including reasonable legal fees) to the extent relating to such claim, provided that Client (i) promptly notifies MyTable in writing of any such claim (and in any event provides notice in sufficient time for MyTable to respond without prejudice), (ii) promptly tenders to MyTable exclusive control of the defence and any settlement of such claim, and (iii) provides reasonable cooperation and assistance to MyTable in the defence or settlement of any such claim. If Clients use of the MyTable Service is (or in MyTable’s opinion is likely to be) enjoined, if required by settlement or if MyTable determines such actions are reasonably necessary to avoid material liability, MyTable may, in its sole discretion: (x) substitute for the MyTable Service substantially functionally similar programs and documentation; (y) procure for Client the right to continue using the MyTable Service; or if (x) and (y) are not commercially reasonable, (z) terminate this Agreement and refund to Client the fees paid by Client for the portion of the Restaurant Term(s) which was paid by Client but not rendered by MyTable. The foregoing obligations of MyTable shall not apply: (1) if the MyTable Service is modified by any party other than MyTable; (2) if the MyTable Service is combined with products or processes not provided or authorized by MyTable; (3) to any unauthorized use of the MyTable Service; or (4) if Client settles or makes any admissions with respect to a claim without MyTable’s prior written consent. This Section 12 sets forth MyTable’s and its suppliers’ sole liability and Client’s sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any claim of intellectual property infringement.

\* General: Governing Law. This Agreement and any all matters and disputes arising hereunder (including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be construed in accordance with Laws of Kingdom of Saudi Arabia without reference to its choice of law provisions. The Saudi courts will be the exclusive venue for any disputes (including noncontractual disputes or claims) under this Agreement, and the parties hereby irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, MyTable is also entitled to apply to any court worldwide for injunctive and other remedies in order to protect or enforce its intellectual property rights.

Force Majeure. MyTable will not be liable to Client in any way whatsoever for any failure or delay in performance of any of its obligations under this Agreement arising out of any event or circumstance beyond the reasonable control of MyTable.

Other. The parties are independent contractors. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed to create any joint venture, partnership, franchise, or agency relationship between the Parties. Neither party has the authority, without the other party’s prior written approval, to bind or commit the other party in any way. No term of this Agreement is enforceable under the Contracts Law of Saudi Arabia by a person who is not a party to this Agreement. Neither this Agreement nor any rights and/or obligations hereunder (including, without limitation, the license granted hereunder) may be assigned, sold, transferred or delegated by Client without the prior written consent of MyTable and any attempt to do so shall be null and void from the beginning. In the event that Client wishes to assign, sell, transfer or delegate (each, “Assign”) this Agreement to another party, Client must request such consent from MyTable at least fourteen (14) days prior to such assignment, sale, transfer or delegation (each, an “Assignment”). No Assignment will relieve Client of its payment obligations incurred prior to the date of the Assignment. For the avoidance doubt, MyTable may Assign (whether by merger, operation of law or otherwise) this Agreement or any or all of its rights and/or obligations hereunder (including, without limitation, the licenses granted hereunder) at its sole discretion. All rights, benefits and protections of MyTable under this Agreement also extend to all MyTable affiliates. MyTable shall be solely responsible for all of its obligations under this Agreement.

Notices. Except where another notice process is permitted herein (including in Section 13.8 (Changes to Agreement)), all notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement must be sent to Client at any one of Client’s addresses, facsimile numbers, or email addresses that have been provided to MyTable, Attention: General Counsel, and will be deemed effectively given: (a) upon delivery when personally delivered against receipt therefor; (b) upon delivery when sent by certified mail, postage prepaid, and return receipt requested; (c) upon transmission when transmitted by facsimile or other electronic transmission; or (d) upon delivery when sent by a nationally recognized overnight service with delivery confirmation.

No Waiver; Severability. The failure of either party to insist upon or to enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement, or to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement, will not be interpreted or construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of such partys right to assert or rely upon any such provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance. If any provision of this Agreement shall be judged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.

Headings; Construction. The headings to the clauses, sub-clause and parts of this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Any ambiguity in this Agreement shall be interpreted equitably without regard to which party drafted the Agreement or any provision thereof.

Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including, without limitation, Parts 1 and 2), together with all Orders to the extent such Orders cover MyTable services with respect to Guest Center and payment instructions provided pursuant to Section 6 (which are incorporated by this reference) sets forth the entire agreement, and supersedes and replaces any and all prior agreements, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. No representation, undertaking or promise shall be taken to have been given or be implied from anything said or written in negotiations between the parties prior to this Agreement except as expressly stated in this Agreement. Neither party shall have any remedy in respect of any untrue statement made by the other upon which that party relied in entering into this Agreement (unless such untrue statement was made fraudulently). Notwithstanding the foregoing, any EULA will apply solely in relation to use of the MyTable Software itself; in event of any conflict between this Agreement and any MyTable EULA, the MyTable EULA will control solely with respect to its subject matter and this Agreement will control in all other cases. No provision of any purchase order or other business form employed by Client will supersede the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and any such document relating to this Agreement shall be for administrative purposes only and shall have no legal effect.

Changes to Agreement. Subject to the specific terms for pricing modifications in Section 6 (Payment) above, MyTable may modify this Agreement from time to time and will provide reasonable notice of such modifications through an MyTable website, email or other means as determined by MyTable. As specified by MyTable, some modifications may become effective upon the start of the next Restaurant Renewal Term for each applicable Restaurant. Alternatively, MyTable may specify that a modification will become effective, following a reasonable notice period, during Client’s then-current Restaurant Term; in this case, if Client does not agree to the modifications, Client’s exclusive remedy will be to provide MyTable with notice of termination of this Agreement (which notice must be given prior to the effective date of the modification specified by MyTable) and to receive a refund from MyTable of any unused recurring fees prepaid by Client for the terminated period of the then-current Restaurant Term. Client may be required to click to accept the modified terms in order to continue using the MyTable Service, and in any event continued use of the MyTable Service after the effective date of the modification will constitute Customer’s acceptance of the modified terms. For new Restaurants added to this Agreement pursuant to an Order, the version of this Agreement in effect at the time such Order is entered shall apply.

Export Compliance. Client acknowledges that any MyTable Technology is subject to export restrictions as well as import restrictions imposed by certain foreign governments. Client shall not and shall not allow any third-party to export, re- export or transfer any part of the MyTable Technology or any direct product thereof to any country or person, except in full compliance with applicable export and import restrictions, including but not limited to obtaining all necessary licenses, permits and authorizations and completing such formalities as may be required.

Third-Party Code. The MyTable Software may contain or be provided with components subject to the terms and conditions of “open source" software licenses ("Open Source Software”). To the extent required by the license that accompanies the Open Source Software, the terms of such license will apply in lieu of the terms of this Agreement with respect to such Open Source Software, including, without limitation, any provisions governing access to source code, modification or reverse engineering