version: 12.03.2013



OPERA MOBILE STORECONTENT DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT



This Content Distribution Agreement (“Agreement”) is a legal contract between You, the contentdeveloper or provider (“Content Provider”), and Opera Software ASA, including its wholly ownedsubsidiary Handster, Inc. (collectively, “Opera”). This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditionsapplicable to Content Provider’s distribution of computer programs, graphical images, ringtones,music, or other mobile services and content (“Content”) through the Opera Mobile Store and othermutually agreeable distribution channels.



Terms \& Conditions



1. SUBMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION.



1.1 Registration. To distribute Content under this Agreement, Content Provider must register andcreate a profile on the Opera Developer Portal (“Portal”). Content Provider’s profile mustinclude Content Provider’s contact details, tax ID, email address for receiving informationregarding orders, support email addresses, and such other reasonable information as may berequested by Opera.

1.2 Submission. Content Provider must provide its Content through the Portal in a form suitablefor electronic reproduction and distribution. For each instance of Content submitted, ContentProvider must:(a) provide images, thumbnails, descriptions and categorization of the Content (which, if notsupplied by Content Provider, may be generated by Opera in its sole discretion);(b) classify the Content as freeware (free), shareware (try and buy), or commercial (forpurchase) and, where applicable, provide the end-user price for the Content;(c) select the regions or countries in which Content Provider wishes to distribute the Content(“Territory”);(d) provide a link to, or the text of, the end-user license agreement or terms of use (“EULA”)under which Content Provider will license and/or provide the Content to end-users; and(e) provide a link to, or the text of, Content Provider’s privacy statement or policy (“PrivacyPolicy”).Content Provider may log into the Portal and update and/or change the foregoing information atany time. Via the Portal, Content Provider may also view the details regarding its distribution ofContent via the Opera Mobile Store.



1.3 Appointment. Content Provider appoints Opera as Content Provider’s non-exclusive agentauthorized and entitled to: (a) publicly display, publicly perform, and duplicate the Content forthe purpose of marketing or demonstrating the Content to prospective Partners, customers andend users; (b) market the Content at Opera’s sole discretion and expense; (c) distribute theContent in the Territory and via the Opera Mobile Store; and (d) accept payments for theContent on Content Provider’s behalf if Content Provider has specified that a fee should becharged for such Content. Opera, in its sole discretion and at any time, may refuse to distributeor indefinitely suspend (in whole or in part) the distribution of any piece of Content for anyreason. Opera will bear all expenses for its operations and staff.



1.4 License Grant. Content Provider grants Opera a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free right andlicense to use, in connection with the Content, Content Provider’s trademarks, trade names,service marks, logos or other identifying or distinctive marks (collectively, "Marks"), providedthat Opera will comply with the Content Provider’s trademark usage guidelines provided toOpera.

1.5 Distribution. By entering into this Agreement, Content Provider agrees to distribute its Contentvia the Opera Mobile Store (however named, branded or customized) which is owned andoperated by Opera Software ASA on behalf of itself and its distribution partners, includingoriginal equipment manufacturers, mobile network operators, and other authorized sales agents(“Partners”). Opera may assign and/or sub-license any of the foregoing rights to its Partners to

version: 12.03.2013



the limited extent necessary to operate a version of the Opera Mobile Store in cooperation withsuch Partners.

1.6 Additional Optional Distribution Channels. When submitting Content via the Portal, ContentProvider may be offered the option of distributing its Content via additional distribution channelsoffered by Handster, Inc. (including other storefronts operated by third-parties). Such distributionis optional. By choosing within the Portal to distribute Content via one or more of Handster’sdistribution channels, Content Provider acknowledges and agrees that such distribution ispursuant to Handster’s relationships with such third party storefronts and that Handster, Inc.bears sole responsibility under this Agreement with regard to such distribution.



2. OBLIGATIONS OF CONTENT PROVIDER.



2.1 Safety and Compliance. Before submitting Content via the Portal, Content Provider shall testsuch Content to ensure it is, to a reasonable extent, free of defects. Content Provider shall besolely responsible for ensuring that its Content is safe, free of defects in design and operation,that it complies with applicable laws and regulations, and that it does not infringe any thirdparty’s intellectual property rights. Content Provider shall provide such bug fixes and/or softwarepatches as may be reasonably required to ensure proper operation of the Content.

2.2 End Users. Content Provider shall be solely responsible for providing a EULA and legallyadequate Privacy Policy and for protecting the privacy and legal rights of end users of itsContent. Content Provider shall, at a minimum, do as follows:(a) If end users provide Content Provider with, or the Content gathers or accesses,usernames, passwords or other log-in information, location data, or any personallyidentifiable information about end users (“End User Information”), Content Provider mustmake the end users aware of what End User Information will be available to ContentProvider.(b) Content Provider may only use End User Information for the limited purposes for which theend user has given permission, and in no case may the information be used in any mannerthat would violate Content Provider’s Privacy Policy or applicable law.(c) If Content Provider or the Content stores End User Information or other sensitiveinformation provided by end users, it must do so securely and only for as long as it isneeded.

2.3 Support and Maintenance. Content Provider shall be solely responsible for the content,quality, and performance of the Content, for any warranty, support, maintenance, or otherobligations related to the Content, for communicating with end users regarding the Content, andfor addressing any end user complaints about the Content. Content Provider agrees to provideend users with support by email or phone, state Content Provider’s support email address orphone number at an appropriate place within the Content, and respond to end user relatedissues pertaining to the Content within five (5) business days. The level of support must, at aminimum, be in accordance with Content Provider's support policies then in effect. ContentProvider further agrees to provide a link to any support materials for the Content whensubmitting the Content to Opera.



3. FEES, PAYMENT AND REPORTING.



3.1 Free Content. This Section 3 shall apply solely to Content for which Content Provider specifies,via the Portal, a license or service fee it wishes to charge end-users for use or access to suchContent (“Fee”). If no such Fee is specified, the Content shall be distributed to end-userswithout charge.

3.2 Pricing. If Content Provider wishes to charge end-users for Content distributed pursuant to thisAgreement, Content Provider will provide the Fee it wishes to charge for such Content. Operawill collect such amount on Content Provider’s behalf subject to the following:(a) Pricing Discretion. Opera may vary the Fee to maximize gross receipts in light of localmarket conditions as follows: (i) for Content distributed within North American and Western

version: 12.03.2013



Europe, Opera may vary the retail price by up to 25% to match mobile carrier billing points,or for time-limited promotions; (ii) for Content distributed outside of North America andWestern Europe, Opera may vary the Fee as determined by Opera in its reasonablediscretion.(b) Bundled Pricing. Outside of North America and Western Europe, access to multipleinstances of mobile content from one or more participating content providers may beoffered for a bundled Fee (on a one time or recurring subscription basis). The bundled Feewill be allocated pro rata amongst participating content providers based on programdownloads. The bundled Fee will be set by Opera in its reasonable discretion based on theproperties of the package and local market conditions, and in order to maximize grossreceipts. Opera may offer users free trial access to a package for up to seven (7) calendardays on a promotional basis. Participation in this distribution model is optional. ContentProvider may at any time disable such model as to one or more instances of its Content viathe Portal.



3.3 Reporting. Within thirty (30) days after the end of each calendar month, Opera will issue toContent Provider a Summary Report of amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement.



3.4 Payment. Provided that Content Provider is not in material breach of any of its obligationsunder this Agreement, within 30 days after the end of each month Opera will pay ContentProvider an amount equal to Net Receipts, less Opera’s retained Service Fee. The followingshall apply to the calculation of amounts payable pursuant to this Section 3.4:

(a) “Gross Receipts” for each month shall be comprised of amounts actually collected withrespect to the Content during such month. Gross Receipts shall be reduced by anyamounts respecting the Content that are charged back or otherwise returned during suchmonth due to customer refunds or contested payment transactions, and any fees orpenalties associated therewith (“Chargebacks”).

(b) “Net Receipts” for each month shall be comprised of Gross Receipts less TransactionCosts.

(c) “Transaction Costs” means all costs associated with Gross Receipts, including but notlimited to: (i) credit card, mobile carrier billing and other transactional fees; (ii) fees payableto Opera’s distribution Partners; and (iii) applicable taxes.

(b) “Service Fee” means Opera’s retained fee of: (i) 30% of Net Receipts from Content for theAndroid, Blackberry and Symbian platforms; and (ii) 50% of Net Receipts from Content forJava platforms.

3.5 Minimum Payment Amount. Opera shall have no obligation to effect payment in any month inwhich the total amount Content Provider is owed is less than $200 USD. Amounts under $200USD will be retained and accumulated with amounts accruing in subsequent months until 30days after the end of the month in which the total amount payable comes to exceed $200 USD.Accumulated amounts shall not accrue any interest.

3.6 Chargebacks. If Chargebacks result in a negative amount of Gross Receipts for a particularmonth, Opera shall at its discretion either: (i) offset such negative amount against futurepayments Content Provider is owed under this Agreement; or (ii) invoice this amount. ContentProvider agrees to pay within thirty (30) days of the date of invoicing any amounts invoiced byOpera as a result of such Chargebacks. Opera reserves the right to de-list the Content or toincrease Opera’s Service Fee for the Content if Opera determines, at its sole discretion, that theContent quality or related customer support is causing excessive Chargebacks. Opera willnotify Content Provider in advance of taking such action to give Content Provider a chance tocorrect the problem.

version: 12.03.2013



3.7 Tax. Content Provider is solely responsible for any and all taxes related to its distribution ofContent through the Opera Mobile Store including any value added tax, sales tax, or similartransactional taxes applicable in the Territory in which Content Provider chooses to offer itsContent. The fee specified by Content Provider for its Content must be inclusive of alltransactional taxes for each Territory in which Content Provider chooses to offer its Content.

3.8 Verification. Content Provider may, once every twelve (12) months and at its sole expense,hire an independent certified public accountant to audit Opera’s financial records to the extentreasonably necessary to verify Opera’s compliance with its payment obligations under thisAgreement. The certified public accountant will execute a reasonable confidentiality agreementprior to commencing any such inspection. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any financial recordsnot audited within a twelve (12) month period will be deemed accurate and not subject toreview.



4. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.



IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIALOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF ANTICIPATEDPROFITS) IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THEFURNISHING, FUNCTIONING, USE, DISTRIBUTION OR MARKETING OF THE CONTENT OR ANYRELATED ITEM OR SERVICE PROVIDED BY CONTENT PROVIDER OR OPERA. IN NO EVENTSHALL OPERA’S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF ORRELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF SERVICE FEES OPERARECEIVES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELYPRECEDING SUCH CLAIM.



5. TERM AND TERMINATION.



5.1 Term. This Agreement commences on the date of the last signature or, if made electronically,the date of Content Provider’s online or email acceptance, and shall remain in effect untilterminated as provided in this Section 5.



5.2 Termination. For Cause: This Agreement may be terminated by either Party if the other Party isin material breach of any term or condition of this Agreement and such breach is not remediedfor a period of thirty (30) calendar days after the Party in breach has been notified of the breachby the other Party. Without Cause: Either Party may terminate this Agreement for any reasonand at any time by giving the other Party ninety (90) days prior written notice.



5.3 Rights and Duties Upon Termination. In the event of expiration or termination of thisAgreement: (i) within sixty (60) days of termination, Opera shall provide Content Provider with astatement of all sums due to Content Provider under this Agreement; (ii) Opera shall notdistribute the Content to any third party after the effective date of such expiration or termination;and (iii) the Content Provider shall be responsible for continued support of its past and futuresales of the Content. Content Provider acknowledges and agrees that the termination orexpiration of this Agreement does not terminate the rights or licenses of an end user to continueto use the Content, if the Content was subscribed to or downloaded by the end user prior to theeffective date of expiration or termination.

5.4 Return of Content. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Opera shall return toContent Provider or destroy all Content, including code and documentation, covered by thisAgreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Opera may retain one copy of the Content anddocumentation solely for archival purposes.



6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.



6.1 Ownership of Content. The parties agree that Content Provider owns all intellectual propertyrights, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, in and to the Content andthat this Agreement does not transfer ownership of any of these rights.

version: 12.03.2013



6.2 Ownership by Opera. The parties agree that Opera owns all intellectual property rights,including copyrights or trademarks, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets,in and to the Opera Mobile Store and that this Agreement does not transfer ownership of any ofthese rights.



7. WARRANTIES AND INDEMNIFICATION.



7.1 General Warranties. Each party warrants that it has the full power, legal right and authority toenter into this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder.

7.2 Warranties by Content Provider. Content Provider represents and warrants that the Content,as submitted and as subsequently updated or upgraded: (a) will be free from code that mightdisrupt, disable, harm, or otherwise impede the operation of any software, firmware, mobiledevice, computer system, or network; (b) complies with all applicable laws in the Territory andContent Provider’s Privacy Policy; (c) does not infringe or otherwise violate the copyright,trademark or other intellectual property rights of any third-party; and (d) does not contain anymaterial (or advertising promoting material) that is unlawful in the Territory, defamatory,pornographic, discriminatory or which promotes or facilitates, illegal activity, violence,discrimination, or infringement of any copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right.

7.3 Disclaimer of Warranties. Except for the express representation and warranties set forth inthis Agreement, neither Content Provider nor Opera make any other representations orwarranties. Each party expressly disclaims all other representations or warranties.

7.4 Duty to Indemnify. Content Provider hereby agrees to indemnify and defend Opera, itsPartners, successors and assigns from and against all claims, demands, actions, proceedings,liabilities, costs, and expenses based on any claim that: (i) arises from an alleged breach ofContent Provider’s obligations, representations or warranties under this Agreement; (ii) arisesfrom Content Provider’s actions or Content allegedly infringing the intellectual property rights ofany third party; (iii) arises as a result of Content Provider’s alleged breach of any warranty,representation, or support, maintenance, privacy or other obligation to end users.



8. GENERAL PROVISIONS.



8.1 General. Opera will not be liable for any delay or failure to fulfill its obligations hereunder thatresults from acts of God, war, civil disturbance, court order, legislative or regulatory action,catastrophic weather condition, failure or fluctuation in electrical power or other utility services orother cause beyond its control. This Agreement will not be construed to create a joint venture orpartnership between the parties and neither will have the right, power, or authority at any time toact on behalf of, or impose any obligation on or to represent the other, except as expressly setforth herein. Except as otherwise provided herein, neither party may assign this Agreement, orsublicense, assign or delegate any right or duty hereunder, without the prior written consent ofthe other. Content Provider understands that Opera may subcontract certain of its obligationsunder this Agreement. This Agreement and its exhibit(s), attachments, and/or addenda, if any,set forth the entire understanding of the Parties with respect to the subject matter of thisAgreement and supersede all prior agreements, understandings and negotiations with respectto the subject matter hereof.



8.2 Notices. All notices under or relating to this Agreement may be sent by e-mail or by registeredmail to the address below or to any other address the party may designate in writing.

8.3 Amendment. Opera may, from time to time, modify the terms of this Agreement by: (i) postingthe revised agreement on Opera's website and notifying Content Provider of the change by e-mail; (ii) forwarding a copy of the revised Agreement to Content Provider, whether electronicallyor through a postal service; or (iii) any other means reasonably calculated to inform ContentProvider of the terms of the revised agreement. Unless Content Provider objects to the revisedagreement in writing to Opera within thirty (30) days of receiving notice of the change, in which

version: 12.03.2013



case no revision will take effect, Content Provider will be deemed to have accepted the terms ofthe revised Agreement and the as-revised Agreement will take effect and be binding on bothparties at the end of Content Provider's thirty (30) day objection period. No modification,amendment, supplement to or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be binding uponthe Parties unless in writing and accepted by Content Provider in the manner described aboveor signed by both Parties.

8.4 Governing law. Arbitration of disputes. This Agreement (and any question about itssubsistence, effect or termination) is to be interpreted in accordance with the laws of Norway,except that body of laws controlling conflict of laws. In the event of a dispute arising out of orrelating to this Agreement (including non-contractual disputes or claims), the parties shall firstseek settlement of that dispute by negotiation between senior executives of the parties. If theyare unable to settle the dispute within thirty (30) days, or such other period as the parties shallagree in writing, the dispute including any question regarding the subject matter of thisAgreement, its existence, its validity or termination, and any non-contractual disputes or claimsrelating thereto shall exclusively be referred to and finally be resolved by arbitration pursuant tothe Norwegian Act on Arbitration of 2004, which hereby is incorporated into this Agreement. Theplace of arbitration shall be Oslo, Norway, and the proceedings shall take place in English. Theinitiation of arbitration proceedings, the proceedings and the award(s) shall be treated asConfidential Information. Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed as preventing either partyfrom seeking injunctive relief (or any other provisional remedy) from any court having jurisdictionover the parties and the subject matter of the dispute as is necessary to protect either Party'sname, proprietary information, trade secrets, know-how, or any other intellectual property rights.

8.5 Legal Effect. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic formshall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to thisAgreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documentsand records originally generated and maintained in printed form.



BY REGISTERING AS A DEVELOPER VIA OPERA’S DEVELOPER PORTAL OR REPLYING “I AGREE” TO THEEMAIL WITH THIS AGREEMENT, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT: (1) THE INFORMATIONPROVIDED IS TRUE AND ACCURATE; (2) YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD; (3) YOU ARE EITHER THECONTENT PROVIDER OR AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF CONTENT PROVIDER WITH THEPOWER AND AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO AND BIND THE CONTENT PROVIDER TO THIS AGREEMENT;AND (4) YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITSTERMS AND CONDITIONS.